Fork and Clone the Starter Repo:

Go to the provided starter repo on GitHub.

Click on the "Fork" button in the top right corner to create a copy of the repository under your GitHub account.

Clone the forked repository to your local machine using Git. Open your terminal and run:

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/your-username/starter-repo.git
Install IntelliJ IDEA:

If you haven't already, download and install IntelliJ IDEA, which is one of the best Java IDEs.
Open the Project in IntelliJ:

Open IntelliJ IDEA.
Click on "Open" and select the directory where you cloned the forked repository.
Explore the Codebase:

Take some time to explore the codebase to understand the existing structure and flow of the program.
Create Entity Classes:

In the provided Spring application, create a class for each entity in your data model (e.g., FinancialAdvisor, Client, Portfolio, Security). These classes should be placed in the "entities" directory.
Annotate Entities:

Annotate each entity class with the @Entity annotation from the javax.persistence package.
Use the @GeneratedValue annotation to specify that the ID should be auto-generated.
Use appropriate JPA annotations to define relationships between entities (e.g., @OneToMany, @ManyToOne, etc.) based on your data model.
Initialize Instance Variables:

Each class should contain a constructor that initializes all instance variables.
Create constructors with appropriate parameters to set entity attributes during object creation.
Getter and Setter Methods:

Expose getter and setter methods for each instance variable (except the ID field for which a setter is not required).
Review Existing Entities:

Review the existing entity provided in the codebase for reference on how to annotate and structure your entity classes.
Commit and Push Changes:

After implementing your data model, commit your changes to your local Git repository:

bash
Copy code
git add .
git commit -m "Implemented data model entities"
Push the changes to your forked repository on GitHub:

bash
Copy code
git push origin master
Submit the Link:

Provide a link to your project repository to complete the task.
Remember to test your code and make sure that the entity classes are correctly annotated and structured according to the provided requirements and guidelines. Good luck with your implementation!
